Add a topic that lists all available OOPE modules (#546)
AdobeDocs/commerce-extensibility: src/pages/oope-modules/custom-attributes.md

---
title: Custom Attributes Modules

> description: Learn about the REST endpoints provided by the Magento_OopeApiIntegrations module for Adobe Commerce out-of-process extensibility.

Reviewer: Is this description supposed to be the same as the previous file?

keywords:
 - Extensibility
 - App Builder
 - API Mesh
 - Events
 - REST
 - Starter Kit
 - Tools
---

# Custom attributes modules

> The custom attributes modules (`magento/out-of-process-custom-attributes` and `magento/out-of-process-custom-attributes-b2b`) allow out-of-process services to attach and persist custom attributes on Commerce data models. They include REST and GraphQL support, as well as admin UI integration for order create/view flows. The B2B module extends this support to negotiable quotes and companies.

Reviewer 2: Maybe we shouldn't mention `magento/out-of-process-custom-attributes-b2b` modules as they are not externally accessible. And for ACCS, users don't need to know what modules are installed, as they don't have access to the code.

> The custom attributes modules (`magento/out-of-process-custom-attributes` and `magento/out-of-process-custom-attributes-b2b`) allow out-of-process services to attach and persist custom attributes on Commerce data models. They include REST and GraphQL support, as well as admin UI integration for order create/view flows. The B2B module extends this support to negotiable quotes and companies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The custom attributes modules (`magento/out-of-process-custom-attributes` and `magento/out-of-process-custom-attributes-b2b`) allow out-of-process services to add and persist additional custom fields on supported Commerce data models. They support REST, GraphQL, and admin UI integration for order create/view flows. The B2B module extends this support to negotiable quotes and companies.
```
